Add OrchardCore.Form client side and server side Validate Rule Function (#4)
Lombiq/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Forms/README.md

![Contact Form Workflow](./assets/contact-form-workflow-1.png)

> ## Validate Rule Usage
> validate plug : [validator.js](https://github.com/validatorjs/validator.js)
> Validate rule is a validate option only used by input widget and textarea widget.It can validate input in frontend and backend.Now these functions are implemented:
> 
> |Validator|Description|Options|
> |--|--|--|
> |None|don't validate value|none|
> |Contains|check if the string contains the seed( case sensitive always) | compare string |
> |Equals|check if the string matches the comparison( no case sensitive always)|compare string |
> |IsAfter|check if the string is a date that's after the specified date(needed).| datetime,like 2020-3-3 |
> |IsBefore|check if the string is a date that's before the specified date(needed).| datetime,like 2020-3-3 |
> |IsBoolean|check if a string is a boolean.|none|
> |IsByteLength|check if the string's length (in UTF-8 bytes) falls in a range.| {"min":0, "max": 20} |
> |IsDate|Check if the input is a valid date|same as validator.js|
> |IsDecimal|check if the string represents a decimal number, such as 0.1, .3, 1.1, 1.00003, 4.0, etc.|same as validator.js|
> |IsDivisibleBy|check if the string is a number that's divisible by another.|Divisor,like 3
> |IsEmpty|check if the string has a length of zero.|same as validator.js.|
> |IsFloat|check if the string is a float.|{ "min": 7.22, "max": 9.55 } |
> |IsInt|check if the string is an integer.|same as validator.js|
> |IsJSON|check if the string is valid JSON (note: uses JSON.parse).|same as validator.js|
> |IsLength|check if the string's length falls in a range.|{ "min": 7.22, "max": 20.0 }|
> |IsNumeric|check if the string contains only numbers.|same as validator.js|
> |Matches|check if string matches the pattern.|regex pattern string like : ^\\\\d{n}$,double backslash need if you want to input single backslash |
> 
> 
> It can seen from below pic,the submit button will be available only without validate rule errors.
> ![Form Frontend Use Validate Rule](./assets/form-validation-rule-frontend.png)
> 
> 
> if you want to use validate rule in backend, you should create validate rule workflow like this:
> ![Form Backend Use Validate Rule Workflow](./assets/form-validation-rule-backend.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validation Rule Usage

This feature uses [validator.js](https://github.com/validatorjs/validator.js) to offer a variety of validation rules for form fields. They can only be used by the Input Widget and TextArea Widget. Validating input on the frontend and backend are both supported.

Currently, the following functions are implemented:

|Validator|Description|Options|
|--|--|--|
|None|don't validate value|none|
|Contains|Check if the string contains the seed (always case-sensitive). | compared string |
|Equals|Check if the string matches the comparison (alway case-insensitive)|compared string |
|IsAfter|Check if the string is a date that's after the specified date(needed).| datetime, like `2020-3-3` |
|IsBefore|Check if the string is a date that's before the specified date(needed).| datetime, like `2020-3-3` |
|IsBoolean|Check if a string is a boolean.|none|
|IsByteLength|Check if the string's length (in UTF-8 bytes) falls within a range.| `{"min":0, "max": 20}` |
|IsDate|Check if the input is a valid date|Same as validator.js.|
|IsDecimal|Check if the string represents a decimal number, such as 0.1, .3, 1.1, 1.00003, 4.0, etc.|Same as validator.js.|
|IsDivisibleBy|Check if the string is a number that's divisible by another.|Divisor, like `3`.
|IsEmpty|Check if the string has a length of zero.|Same as validator.js.|
|IsFloat|Check if the string is a float.|`{ "min": 7.22, "max": 9.55 }`|
|IsInt|Check if the string is an integer.|Same as validator.js.|
|IsJSON|Check if the string is valid JSON (note: uses `JSON.parse()`).|Same as validator.js.|
|IsLength|Check if the string's length falls in a range.|`{ "min": 7.22, "max": 20.0 }`|
|IsNumeric|Check if the string contains only numbers.|Same as validator.js.|
|Matches|Check if string matches the pattern.|Regex pattern string like: `^\\\\d{n}$`, double backslash needed if you want to input single backslash. |

As can be seen from the below picture, the submit button will be available only if there are no validation rule errors.
![Form Frontend Use Validation Rule](./assets/form-validation-rule-frontend.png)

if you want to use validation rules in the backend, you should create a validation rule workflow like this:
![Form Backend Use Validation Rule Workflow](./assets/form-validation-rule-backend.png)
```
